c:\users\dan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ABuilder\ABuilder\bin\ABuilder.dll
c:\users\dan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ABuilder\ABuilder\bin\ABuilder.pdb
c:\users\dan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ABuilder\ABuilder\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\dan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ABuilder\ABuilder\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\dan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ABuilder\ABuilder\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\dan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ABuilder\ABuilder\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\dan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ABuilder\ABuilder\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\dan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ABuilder\ABuilder\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\dan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ABuilder\ABuilder\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\dan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ABuilder\ABuilder\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\dan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ABuilder\ABuilder\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\dan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ABuilder\ABuilder\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\dan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ABuilder\ABuilder\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\dan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ABuilder\ABuilder\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\dan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ABuilder\ABuilder\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\dan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ABuilder\ABuilder\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\dan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ABuilder\ABuilder\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\dan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ABuilder\ABuilder\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
c:\users\dan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ABuilder\ABuilder\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\dan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ABuilder\ABuilder\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\dan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ABuilder\ABuilder\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\dan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ABuilder\ABuilder\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\dan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ABuilder\ABuilder\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\dan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ABuilder\ABuilder\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\dan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ABuilder\ABuilder\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\dan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ABuilder\ABuilder\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\dan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ABuilder\ABuilder\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\dan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ABuilder\ABuilder\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\dan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ABuilder\ABuilder\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\dan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ABuilder\ABuilder\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\dan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ABuilder\ABuilder\obj\Debug\ABuilder.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\dan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ABuilder\ABuilder\obj\Debug\ABuilder.dll
c:\users\dan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ABuilder\ABuilder\obj\Debug\ABuilder.pdb
C:\Users\Dan\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ABuilder\ABuilder\bin\Glimpse.Ado.dll
C:\Users\Dan\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ABuilder\ABuilder\bin\Glimpse.AspNet.dll
C:\Users\Dan\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ABuilder\ABuilder\bin\Glimpse.Core.dll
C:\Users\Dan\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ABuilder\ABuilder\bin\Glimpse.EF5.dll
C:\Users\Dan\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ABuilder\ABuilder\bin\Glimpse.Mvc4.dll
C:\Users\Dan\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ABuilder\ABuilder\bin\NCalc.dll
C:\Users\Dan\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ABuilder\ABuilder\bin\ABuilder.dll.config
C:\Users\Dan\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ABuilder\ABuilder\bin\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\Dan\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ABuilder\ABuilder\bin\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\Dan\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ABuilder\ABuilder\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\Dan\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ABuilder\ABuilder\bin\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\Dan\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ABuilder\ABuilder\bin\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
C:\Users\Dan\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ABuilder\ABuilder\obj\Debug\ABuilder.csproj.App.config
